After the Xia Group went bankrupt
The relevant departments are in the process of liquidation
A large amount of evidence of illegal crimes was found
The alleged offender Summer Sea has been arrested
Another suspect, Li Yangchen, is at large
Her whereabouts are still unknown
In other news
It is reported that the young master of Pangu Group will be in three days
Held at The Peninsula Hotel
Wedding of the Century
The daughter-in-law chosen by the Su family is Fengcheng Xia family
Mandarin Summer Dream
Down?
Peninsula general
World Wedding
I'm going to make those dog men and women make up for the thorns
Yanli, when will you arrive? I just got off the plane.
Now people are in the car
It will be there in about ten minutes. Okay.
Then hurry up
waiter
Where's my daughter-in-law, uh, Miss Xia is doing makeup
It should be out soon.